# 2021.12.02 - CAD + Gimbalabs Meeting

Agenda
* What gimbalabs can provide
* Plutus PBL
* Discuss CAD Idea ( architecture)

People: 
* Gimbalabs: Randall, Steve
* CAD: Seomon, Patrik, Chack, Cem, Mert, (add yourselves here)

See also: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YVsLlS0-pQcu4sQ7pkZm_iZ4uZIcwyWpRgVG9wyAGHM/edit#heading=h.vt3rj4rsiz5d

## Meeting

### What Gimbalabs can provide
They can provide technical expertise, architectural guidance

### Plutus PBL
We should access the Plutus PBL resources for hands-on learning about building smart contracts. 

### Discuss CAD Idea
We quickly presented Cardano After Dark Idea. One of the problems is that the poker game data  is not always on chain. You can’t make a transaction for each player action: it's slow and expensive.

We could have an off-chain ledger, or store the data for each round in a database. And then, at the end of the game, the results can be written on chain. 
The data associated to the game is then used/validated by a validation layer. 

### Follow-up discussion

Randall: Which type of verification: player approval or game details ?


interesting point: (player-approval) what If I play and I don’t like the result of this hand and I don’t want to agree on the result? 

player-side signatures of game checkpoints ?

consensus-based cancel -> all refunded
no-consensus cancel -> lost hand-level stake

?? slow user === network-failure case
  ---> lose hand-level stake? (patrik: sounds good/right)


#### What if 
a contract for the table - you go at the casino and sit at the table
a contract for each hand - a new game session contract is generated by the table for each hand.
- Each hand is on an off chain blockchain

How to randomize cards for each hand?
* Royale treats this - https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/157.pdf


#### General idea
we perform a set of transactions on a side chain (each transaction is a poker hand)
“replicate blockchain?” -- is this the sidechain? , is this similar to what hydra does?

anchor hash(end-state) + financial consequence to mainchain
?? anchor any checkpoints too?

possible? Batching of game-level anchoring (17 hands anchored, amortizing txn fees across them all)

Mert: can we build an offchain sidechain?
Steve: “running a chain in parallel” someone is talking about it in the Cardano space. Sound similar to the verification that is done in Hydra (when SPOs check roughly if a set of transactions could be integrated in the chain)

### Follow-up Questions

How the offchain works? in a centralized server or distributed/parallelized across multiple nodes.

- Steve: Hoskinson talked about this - around August. 
