# 2021.12.06 - CAD Meeting


# Agenda

* Initial idea for the backend / frontend communication
* Initial idea for Wallet Integration
* Current status for the proposal
* Organization aspects - auditing, legal
* Next meetings with Gimbalabs


## Initial idea for the Backend / Frontend communication

We could lay down a few ideas, and work a bit together on the miro board: https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lhLk_UY=/


## Initial Idea for Wallet Integration

Nori: What about Adriano's gamechanger wallet?
Cem: What about Namiwallet used by Sundaeswap?

## Current status for the proposal

Seomon: what's next

## Organization aspects - auditing, legal

Seomon: strict requirements in US/EU
Seomon: MLabs auditing ($$$)

## Next meetings with Gimbalabs

Topics to discuss: Access to Plutus PBL. Examples. How to model a contract. How to store transactions on a sidechain. How to merge them into the mainnet

